Joke Candidate Elected
Dermot Flannagan, has
resigned in protest at the
election of Mr Stafford.
Mr Stafford told the
present Executive on
Monday that he intends to
take up office. He said he
intended to think up some
serious policies when he
had time.
It is understood that the
other new sabbaticals are
unhappy about the election
of a joke candidate.
a'
Students at University
College Dublin have -
elected Ulick Stafford,
joke candidate, as
sabbatical College
President. Mr Stafford
promised in his manifesto
to convert the Arts Bui(ding
into a nudist colony, to
clothe the porters in fig
leaves and to introduce
duck shooting on the
College lake.
The current President,
Rag Trip Success
The Annual R C S U North
and Middle England Rag
Tour took place over this
weekend and raised an
estimated £1,500 for
charity. Seventeen people,
two coaches and over four
thousand Rag Mags set off
on Friday morning and
took in 12 Universites over
the four days including
Leicester, Nottingham,
Manchester, Liverpool and
Birmingham.
The highlight of the tour
was the Bradford Beer
Festival at which over £100
was raised alone. However
several people took offence
at the inclusion of the
Bradford City fire disaster
jokes. The Rag Mag was
officially banned by both
Leicester and
Loughborough unions with
one seller being physically
thrown out of the Union
Building. So far only one
complaint has reached the
Union Office from the
University of Aston who
were concerned about the
aggressive selling tactics
used and the sexist/racist
content of the Rag Mag.
The Taste Of Victory
First year Electrical
Engineering student
Nicholas Battersby won
The Junior Malt Taster of
the Year Award.
Mr Battersby won the
Imperial College heat of the
competition in late 1985.
He then competed in the
national finals held at The
Athenaeum Hotel,
Piccadilly on Friday
January 24. The
competitors had to identify
five different whiskies and
answer a questionaire on
whisky production.
Mr Battersby won an
engraved crystal decanter,
6 bottles of The Macallan
10 year old, a cheque for
£150, a visit to The
Macallan distillery and a
years subscriptrion to
Decanter Magazine.
Last year another IC
student, John Craven, won
the award.
stm
©
5
G
Z
0
U L U Travel, Imperial C o l l e g e ,
Sherfiald Building,
Prince C o n s o r t Road,
London S W 7 .
Tel: 01-581 8882
STA
TheWorldbeaters
Collection
£600 has been raised for
the family of the man who
died in an accident in the
Chemistry Department last
week. The collection has
been organised by Jack
Parry ana" John James of
the Estates Section. Mr
James told FELIX that there
had been a 'marvellous
response' and that lots of
people were involved in the
collection. The organisers
will continue to accept
money until the end of
today. Any student who
wishes to contribute should
see ICU Deputy President
Dave Kingston in the Union
office.
Snap!
The Rector of Imperial
College Professor Eric Ash
has broken his leg on a
skiing holiday. Professor
Ash's office refused to
coment on the accident
saying the Rector didn't
want a fuss made about the
accident. FELIX wishes
Professor Ash a speedy
recovery.
CLUBS
Hang-Gliding Club
Once again, Swansea
University have sprung the
dates for the inter-
university competition on
us (22 and 23 March). We
must try and present a
team this year so anybody
from day 4 training
onwards please contact
David Evans on Int 4180 or
room 416 Biochemistry.
This is usually a great
social event with some
excellent flying possiblities
for all levels (one trainee
flying for 3 hours to get his
P1). We are hopefully going
to have an instructor along
with us to assess
conditions and give advice
but others will be there, so
don't let the weather get
you down, come to the
Monday meetings above
Southside bar at 12.30pm
and G O FLY SAFELY.
I must have the names of
anybody interested in
going to this competiton by
Friday 14th March.
4 Wednesday 12 March FELIX

