ISSUE 1710
FELIX
25
INVESTMENT icu.investmentsociety@imperial.ac.uk
INVESTMENT
Tom Alston
Investment Editor
ICIS Editor
A
fter a volatile
end to 2018,
investors are
now looking
at what the new year can
bring. Despite rising 7%
against a broad basket of
currencies in 2018, many
now deem the dollar over-
valued. Drawing parallels
from both physics and
Forex trading, it is well
known that whatever goes
up must eventually go
down. The bear case for
the dollar is formed on
the expectation that GDP
growth in America will
slow down. The stimulus
provided by Trump’s tax
cuts last year will fade,
and increasing Fed Funds
rates will begin to bite.
Suffering oil prices, that
is hurting investment in
America’s shale regions,
is another factor as low
crude prices becomes ben-
eficial for oil importing
regions such as Europe
and Asia. America’s tech
giants are also coming
under pressure, losing
their invulnerability
allure they had at the
beginning of last year. In
short, the recent bull run
on America’s economy
is coming to end and so
should the rise of the
dollar.
Mansoor Mohi-uddin
of Natwest Markets
has set out three pre-
conditions for a turn in the
dollar: a “pause” by the
Fed, an end to the China-
America trade war and a
pickup in the eurozone
economy. The first looks
like it’s on the horizon.
Jerome Powell, chairman
of the Federal Reserve,
hinted at the beginning of
the new year that it might
postpone any further
rate hikes. Furthermore,
whilst interest rates in
America may not rise
dispersed trade tensions,
stimulating private sector
spending. Consequently,
this stirs other Asian
economies which will
increase activity in the
euro zone, which relies
heavily on emerging
market demand. Hence
bond yields rise in the
expectation that interest
rates will increase, making
US debt less favourable,
as spreads between US
and Euro bonds decrease,
causing the dollar to drift
down against the Euro.
Evidence of this has been
seen in recent turbulent
markets, causing strain
on the American fixed
income front. JPMorgan
recorded a sharp fall in
bond and currency trading
revenue as CEO Jamie
Dimon warned that US
government shutdown is
creating more challenges
by bringing the economy
to a standstill. However,
this scenario also suggests
a softish Brexit boosting
the pound, causing
a capital influx into
emerging markets in the
search of higher returns.
However, after Tuesday’s
vote, the probability of
this remains uncertain as
it sunk the pound to a six
session low of $1.2668.
The second scenario,
the trade dispute between
China and America
escalates. This continued
uncertainty means China’s
tax cuts are saved rather
than spent. Weakness in
China’s economy brings
down other emerging
economies. Evidence of
this can be seen in the
fact that export orders
for the large trading as
well as manufacturing
economies of Asia and
Europe are signalling a
trade recession. Europe
has been suffering from
declining demand in
China, the primary
drivers being policy and
regulatory efforts to rein
in the economies credit
independence, as China’s
economy gets to grip
with underperformance
of domestically oriented
Chinese equities. A rise
in emerging markets risk
assets would only happen
if there was a reversal of
the Chinese protectionist
rhetoric. Since this
remains improbable
and would indicate that
the stuttering eurozone
economy is not temporary
they are still higher than
in Japan or the Eurozone,
making owning the dollar
more rewarding. Will this
change in 2019? Many see
the path of the new year
laid out by two scenarios.
The first entails tax cuts
and looser monetary
policy in China, caused by
Will the dollar determine markets in 2019?
but a reflection of weak
export demand, there
would likely be a sell off
of risk assets across the
board. Consequently, the
dollar falls sharply against
the yen and swiss franc
(euro remains weak).
Investors rush towards
safe-harbour currencies,
as JPMorgan strategists
advise clients to take
some insurance, leading
to a surge in the price of
gold. Goldman Sachs now
expects the price of gold
to rise to $1,425 over the
next year. “To take a view
on gold, you have to first
take a view on broader
markets”, said Tom Holl,
BlackRock portfolio
manager. He added, “If we
continue to see elevated
levels of macroeconomic
uncertainty and risk
adversity, then gold will
probably continue its
positive momentum”.
JPMorgan recirded heavy losses in its bond and currency trading amid hieghtened volatilty//Brookings Institution
“to grip
with under
performance
of domestically
oriented
Chinese
equities ”
“tax cuts
and looser
monetary
policy in
China, caused
by dispersed
trade tensions,
stimulating
private sector
spending”

