22nd January, 1974 F E L I X 7
O U N C I L
Sir, -
I am a member of Im-
perial College Union and,
although not holding a
Union post, I attended
the 178th meeting of
Council held on Monday
the 14th. Any member of
the Union may do this,
although he or she will
only be a spectator with
no voice or vote.
Council is formed of
forty-six members who
are defined as in the
Blue Book (pages 10, 11,
12). These are to run the
Union genera My and to
act upon the decisions of
I.C.U.G.M.'s.
A R G U M E N T S
The meeting opened
around 6.00 p.m. and
closed five hours later
(with a twenty minute
break) still not having
finished the agenda for
the meeting. The reason
for this I believe is the
time-wasting flippant and
unnecessary v e r b a l
squabbles between cer-
tain people (or even fac-
tions) within Council.
Whilst acknowledging
that the President, De-
puty President and Hon-
orary Secretary try to
keep order it would
appear at times to be the
person who shouts long-
est for his opinion who
'wins'. There is discus-
sion upon topics as set
by the agenda as indeed
there ought to be, how-
ever when certain per-
sons 'lose' an argument
they perhaps act with
less responsibility than
they should by muttering
strange oaths instead of
losing gracefully. A
majority of members of
Council do try to keep
the meeting running-rea-
sonably as any similar
meeting should, however
the small minority, as
ever, argue the toss over
a point and the subject
becomes bogged down.
Finally when a 'move to
a vote' is heard someone
insists on getting his 'last
say in (again).
Even with a vote being
taken this is subject to
arguments, for example
one motion was subject
to a vote, then a re-vote
(at this point a member
returned from the Union
Bar), halfway through
the re-vote some mem-
bers did not understand
the voting system still
and the Hon. Sec. had to
explain the voting sys-
tem. Thus after five min-
utes the re-vote was at
last obtained even after
some members were told
to wake up and 'stickyer-
andup'.
CONDUCT
I fear that certain
people are not taking the
conduct of the meeting
seriously enough, to give
an example the Union
Finance Committee re-
commends how to spend
the £50,000 it receives
from various sources
(see Blue Book, P7), and
makes its recommenda-
tions to Council who
then approve (or not)
this expenditure. (This
being subject to
ICUMGs see P73 sec-
tion 11). This vast (?)
amount of money ban-
died around by a council
who to quote a member
'I wouldn't even trust to
put two lumps of sugar
in a cup of tea,' seems a
serious enough topic to
be discussed with com-
monsense and order. I
was informed that this
meeting was mild com-
pared with some, so
what the heated ones are
like I dread to think.
There seemed to be an
opinion that Council, be-
cause of its size was
rather unwieldy,it should
be cut down to a 'more
reasonable size'. I
couldn't foresee any
Council member giving
up their Council member-
ship 'just like that'. Paul
Wadsworth has estima-
ted 28 as possible with
further reductions at the
expense of Dep. Reps,
but is 28 going to be a
success? It only needs
three or four people to
disrupt the smooth run-
ning of the meeting by
irrelevant verbal graffiti
and an unco-operative
attitude to reduce that
meeting to one which is
better adjourned. Repre-
sentation of about four
thousand students by 28
people may not be truly
so. Surely 46 is a better
number if these 46 are
aware of the troubles of
unruly meetings, e.g. the
postponement of items
which were outstanding
to the next Council meet-
ing as with U.G.M.'s.
APATHY
Students at I.C. seem
to be very apathetic with
regard to the four col-
lege unions especially
I.C.U. which after all is
the most powerful theo-
retically. I recognise that
a lot (most?) of you are
here for the work and
subsequent first class
honours but I think that
you should make an
effort to attend any
union meeting be it
I.C.U., R.C.S.U., C.G.U.,
or R.S.M.U. They may
appear to be boring and
concerned with 'trivia' of
no relevance (seemingly)
to an I.C. student, for
instance Chiile. It's alii
been said before, but do
you want a union that is
representing the majority
view of students or an
extension of I.M.G., or
Y.S.S.S. or Whatever?
Are you concerned with
the public image of stu-
dent unions or are you a
member of Apsoc? The
I.C.U.G.M.s take place
on Thursdays (when
there are General Studies
lectures from 1.30 to
2.30 p.m.) and may last
up to H hours, which
isn't very much out of
the work timetable. The
same applies to C.C.U.
meetings which take
place on Tuesdays.
CHAIRMAN
Meanwhile back on
the hobbyhorse I am still
discoursing upon Coun-
cil. I would suggest that
the chairman imposes a
stricter authority upon
these (approximately:)
monthly meetings. Mem-
bers going to the Union
Bar or the 4U2P (what-
ever that stands for!)
create a disruption both
in their journey and from
an excess of hot air
whilst arguing. Perhaps
the visits to the 4U2P
must be allowed but the
two or three clanking
pots with 'Tankard',
'Guinness', and 'Whit-
bread' interrupting gene-
ral discussion should be
banned until half time,
although members be
allowed to stock up be-
forehand (or nothing
would be done!).
Members should rea-
lise that they are not
there to count the cob-
webs in the corner, the
meetings will surely be
over more quickly if the
general level of order is
raised. I believe Paul
Wadsworth would like to
see meetings over more
quickly especially as he
does a lot of the pen-
pushing donkey work.
No doubt the Union
clerk, taking the minutes,
would like to hear the
gentleman in the far cor-
ner more Clearly. A
meeting will become
boring if one person de-
cides to have more than
his fair share of time
and not accept the auth-
ority of the chair.
UNION'S VIEWS
Council could easily
become 'pie in the sky'
if lit does not know the
views of I.C.U. members
whether expressed at
U.G.M.s or just talking
to Norm. Paul and Dave
in the Union Office or the
Bar etc. The Union is for
its members but if its
officials don't know the
views of its members
the Union becomes the
'puppet' of a minority
group who do come t®
U.G.M.'s. Felix is your
newspaper so write a
letter or tell Aunt Lucy
your problem or tell Paul
to resign because he
hasn't forced the Tories
to resign and returned a
Labour governm e n t
pledged to socialist poli-
cies. Come to I.C.U.
office and tell Norm, or
Paul your views on some-
thing, resign from Ap-
soc.
D. Salisbury, Physics 1
These are excerpts from the draft minutes of the Union
Council Meeting held on Monday 14th January 1974
Donations
At the previous Coun-
cil, they agreed to don-
ate £ 1 0 towards a Christ-
mas Box for the Harling-
ton Groundsman, Mr. A .
Loveday. £5 was also
donated to a similar pres-
ent for Mr. Newens, the
College Waterman, this
to be added to a whip
round from the boat club.
For his work in pro-
ducing Felix whilst the
previous editor was at
the NUS conference, Mr.
Wrigley was paid £ 1 0 to
cover expenses incurred.
Union Constitution'
Mr. Wadsworth report-
ed that help was still re-
quired in the rewriting of
the Union constitution.
Wellsoc Synthesiser
A representative from
the Wellsoc electronic
music group was again
present to put forward a
case for an electronic
synthesiser. After con-
siderable discussion on
the various alternatives it
was agreed that £200
should be given to S C C
to extend to Wellsoc el-
ectronic music group so
that they could hire a
synthesiser.
Union Meetings
Mr. Sedgwick, floor
rep, proposed a motion
pertaining to the running
and holding of Union
Meetings. Its objects
were to limit the number
held, the topics dicus-
sed, and to automatic-
ally have the quorum
challenged When the
meeting is inquorate.
There was again consid-
erable discussion on this
topic. When the vote was
taken the proposals were
(defeated.
Union Pots
Following a recom-
imendation from Mr.
Black it was agreed that,
in future, registration
cards or union cards
should be exchanged for
Union pots so that they
don't "disappear". The
card would be returned
on the safe return of the
pot. This is to be imple-
mented at the discretion
of the bar staff.
Questionnaire
It was agreed that help
should be given to the
publishers of an Alterna-
tive Guide to Universit-
ies and Polytechnics be-
ing produced by Wild-
wood House Publishers.
£50 would be charged
for the service, however,
and a request would be
made for 150 question-
naires instead of the 25
that they were going to
send.
Malaya
There was a represen-
tative from the Commit-
tee for \ Democratic
Rights in Malaya. He
asked us to support the
magazine "Truth" that is
produced in Malaya and
also to support freedom
of the press in Malaya.
Council agreed to write
to the campaign board
for the committee ex-
pressing our support and
also to the Malayan Gov-
ernment expressing our
support for the right of
freedom of the press and
free speech.
Dyslexia
Council agreed to do-
nate £ 1 0 to the North
London Dyslexia Asso-
ciation.
Open University
The Union council de-
cided that our facilities
should be extended to
members of the Open
University Students' As-
sociation.
Grants
Demonstration
There was an an-
nouncement that there
would be a national
grants demonstration on
February 8. As many
students as possible will
be accommodated in the
Union building over the
evening of the 8th.. De-
partmental representativ-
es are expected to help
with the publicity for the
campaign.
Campaign Press
Conference
Mr. Sinclair will attend
the press conference to
be held on Wednesday,
16 January.
Felix
Mr. Wadsworth asked
for help with the distri-
bution of Felix. There
was some disagreement
as to which method
ought to be used. It was
finally left in the hands
of Mr. Wadsworth to de-
cide.
Finance
£1,770 had already
been spent on Felix and
it was very likely that it
would greatly exceed its
budget. Mr. Wadsworth
reported that the legal
case against University
Press Representation
was now under way
again. They have admit-
ted liability to around
£ 5 0 0 but we are claim-
ing £1,000 plus.
Council approved
Union Finance's Recom-
mendation that 1) £ 5 0
be spent on a reception
for a group of 100
French students who are
visiting the college in
March. 2) £2,500 should
be spent on the renova-
tion of the chairs in the
Southside lower lounge,
3) work on the organisa-
tion of the removal of
the Southside television
set to the Health Centra
should proceed. It was
agreed that up to £297
should be spent on the
purchase of a set of oars
for the women's boat
club,but that they should
look into the possibility
of obtaining a second-
hand set at a cheaper
rate.
There was a heated
discussion on the presi-
dent's proposal that the
Union should give the
Student House wardens
a sum of £400 between
them to bring the amount
of entertainments allow-
ance up to £2 per stud-
ent per year in each
house. It appeared that
the college were unable
to raise the allowance by
more than £5 as they
claim that it would be in
defiance of the govern-
ment's phase 3 regula-
tions. Council, however,
defeated the proposal
(15 against, 13 for and
5 abstentions). The pur-
Chase of new light-ex-
cluding curtains for the
billiards and snooker
room was not approved.
Elections
Messrs. Black, Rob-
erts and Gorman were
elected as representativ-
es to the ICTA Executive
Committee.
The meeting closed
without considering any
other business or reports
as the guillotine had
been reached, and, on a
vote, it was not suspen-
ded.

