Imperial Triathlon triumph at BUCS Duathlon
SPORTS
David Ho
IC Tri Captain
S
unday 24th
November was
one of those days
where the world
seemed to be set against
the Imperial College
triathlon team as they
prepared for their first
British Universities cham-
pionships: in duathlon,
a multisport event com-
prised of a run, followed
by a cycle, then another
run to finish.
The difficulties began
before race day, when a
series of transport disas-
ters occurred: a series of
unfortunate events (or in
less euphamistic terms,
a colossal cock-up from
someone who should
know a lot better) resulted
in a conspicuous lack of a
minibus to transport the
majority of our compet-
itors. A stress-filled and
hectic day of contingency
planning took place, and
eventually the pumpkin
of a situation became the
beautiful carriage that is
Great Western Railway.
Transport trials and
tribulations overcome,
our athletes gathered in
the waiting area by Castle
Combe racetrack, the air
filled with anticipation
and moisture. But the
troubles were not yet
over: just as the first wave
was lining up to begin,
the race was “postponed
indefinitely” following a
serious medical incident
in a non-BUCS race pre-
viously. The competitors
re-donned their layers and
waited for news. After
deliberation from the
organisers, it was decided
that the race would be
shortened to a two-mile
run, six-mile bike,
two-mile run.
After a very quick
second warmup, the
men’s elite wave were
off. New recruit Leo Mai-
sonobe was out first for
IC, completing the first
two miles in a scorching
10 minutes 17 seconds.
Just seconds behind
were Matt Ryan and Tom
Butler, the latter of whom
was very pleased that the
shortened course favoured
the strongest runners. On
to the bike leg, where
Leo kept on moving up
the pack. Matt Ryan and
Alex Wilson also put in
stunning cycling perfor-
mances, both well over 40
kilometres per hour. After
battling through a painful
final leg Leo Maisonobe
remained best-placed with
an incredible 22nd place
out of over 300 compet-
itors, including many
international athletes.
Next to go were the
elite women: at the front
of the Imperial crew were
Minty Martin and Marion
them. Minty pulled ahead
on the bike leg despite
Marion’s well-rehearsed
transitions, and narrowly
held on through the final
run to give her a fantas-
tic 73rd place, the best
female athlete from the
club. Special mentions
also to Remi Simpson,
who finished her debut
duathlon in style, pacing
perfectly to finish well
below the 50th percentile
at national university
level.
Finishing off the day
were Noah Sprent and
Harshil Joshi representing
in the mixed wave. Noah
demonstrated perfectly
that consistent training
pays off, with a bike leg
that wouldn’t have been
out of place in the elite
competition. Harshil was
plagued by a mechanical
issue on the bike course,
but kept his cool to round
out Imperial’s day with
another solid perfor-
mance, crossing the finish
line to cheers from his
supporting teammates.
In an exemplary
display of grit and deter-
mination, the TriIC team
proudly returned, looking
forward to the relaxa-
tion and rewards of the
festive season to come.
Special thanks to our
drivers Emma Claxton,
Harshil Joshi and Alex
Luisi, without whom the
day would not have been
possible.
Imperial Triathlon excel at BUCS Duathlon after an equally adventurous journey to their race
IC Triathlon Squad // Alex Luisi
FELIX
FRIDAY, 29TH
NOVEMBER, 2019
SPORTS sport.felix@imperial.ac.uk
56
“Matt Ryan
and Alex
Wilson also put
in stunning
cycling
performances,
both well over
40 kilometers
per hour”
Artigaut, neck-and-neck
out of the first run with
0.2 seconds between

