19th March, 1974 F E L I X Page 7
FELIX
S P O R T
2
RUGBY
FOOTBALL
Thirds Still Level After
Extra Time
Cup Final:
IC III 2
The ULU
serves Cup
UC II 2
Upper Re-
Final was
held last Saturday at
Motspur Park between
IC Third team and UC
Second team. UC fielded
a strange team—ten men
and one monkey man.
UC put IC under some
early pressure but were
only able to get one or
two shots at goal. IC's
midfield started to set-
tle down and took a grip
on Ithe game. After
twenty minutes Rob
Holmes was brought
down in the penalty area
and Mike Jakeman
coolly scored from the
spot. IC had the better
of the first half but could
not c r e a t e many
chances.
This pattern continued
in the second half. UC
were awarded a free-
kick on the edge of the
penalty area for an off
the ball foul and from
the resulting free kick
scored with a shot bent
around the wall. UC had
played the game as if it
was a kicking match and
IC brought on Sam Hys-
lop for Rob Holmes.
Mike Jakeman was also
left limping by UC's
heavy tackles and had
to leave the field for a
short time. Shortly be-
fore Ithe end of normal
time Mike Butterworth
was narrowly wide with
a header.
Thus the game went
on into extra time, which
didn't please the specta-
tors, frozen in the arctic
conditions. UC's hard
dirty tactics continued
and two of their players
were booked, but the
monkey-man escaped.
IC were now tiring and
only had ten fit men.
This allowed UC to get
on top and from a free
kick up popped their
monkey-man to put them
two-one op.
The referee now warn-
ed the cheer leader of
the IC kop to stop induc-
ing people to fight but
still the monkey man
escaped punishment. IC
now looked a beaten
team but got themselves
back into the game with
the best goal of ithe
match, lan McDermott
floated a free kick to the
far post, lan Hyslop
headed it into the goal-
mouth and in the scram-
ble Tony Richards scor-
ed. Now IC were on top
again but itime ran out
and the game ended two
apiece—a fair result.
Team: Gerwyn Ed-
wards, Chris Anastasi,
Rich Perret, Jim Hey,
Andy Jackson (Capt.),
Mike Jakeman, Rob
Holmes, lan McDermott,
Mick Butterworth, Tony
Richards, Phil Singleton.
Sub.: lan Hyslop.
Pete Davies.
IC 1st X V
St. Edmunds Hall,
Oxford
IC's invasion of Ox-
ford began at 2.00 p.m.
Wilth the four-non-playing
pigs rushing to the near-
est pub followed by a
half-mi'le pilgrimage to
an off-licence to obtain
sustenance for the en-
suing match.
The IC Iteam contain-
ed only nine of the glor-
ious cup-winning team;
three flakers, including
Flanagan, stood paralytic
on the line. The back
division proved very
shaky to start with
although 'Teddy's' backs
did contain three blues.
A * constant supply of
ball was won by the IC
forwards but lit was ini-
tially wasted or squan-
dered by the disjointed
3/4s who incidentally
had never played to-
gether before.
The overall perform-
ance in Ithe first half was
only sufficient to see IC
leading by 8 points to 3.
During this time the Ox-
ford backs had done
exceptionally well with
their ball and the IC
3/4s had only bothered
to try after watching
Ithem cruise in for the
1st try. The second try
was an excellently con-
ceived scissors between
the Oxford centres which
was virtually unstop-
pable. After this Peter
Zerbrugge had kicked an
excellent penalty to keep
IC in the game at half-
time.
IC turned round play-
ing up-hill and against
the wind but by this time
the heavy IC pack were
in complete control. Ex-
cellent lineout ball sup-
ported by Lipscombe
and Booth (together with
loose ball gave much
improved backs, led by
Pete, many chances to
shine. They did more
than tolerably well con-
sidering the class of the
opposition and their own
lack of practice.
Constant pressure by
the pack. Winning three
consecutive rubks gave
Ossie the chance to
crash through under the
posts, even if he did
have a two man overlap.
Zerbrugge obliged with
the conversion making
the score 9-8 to IC. He
also dropped a 40 yard.
Five minutes lacka-
daisical play by IC
brought another good try
by St. E. H. when the
full back came into the
line giving Clement only
chance to tackle his
Wing on the line. The
score was 12-12.
From this point on
there was only one team
in the match. IC domin-
ated in all departments
—especially forward. A
lineout ball caught two-
handed and held by
Booth gave Bradley the
chance Ito go over from
the ensuing melee. Zeb-
rugge converted giving
the match to IC by 18-
12.
Excellent team play
was shown whilst leav-
ing the last pub and I
think this was forwarded
to the Guinness Book of
Records.
Team: D. Rimmer; G.
Clement; D. Osborne;
M . Cotter; D. Stone; P.
Zerbrugge; L. Adams; B.
Bradley; J. Hughes; C.
Wrigley; S. Booth; K.
Lipscombe; A. H. Wal-
ton; A. Williams; T.
Bradbury.
Replay result: IC III 0 — U C II 8. I.C. Ill Equalise
HOCKEY
(cont.)
(contd. from page 8)
Richard Bateman, our
goalkeeper, seemed to
have a touch of the ban-
dy legs disease. In spite
of playing in a red shirt
(the rest of IC were in
blue/white) our centre-
half Alan Brown display-
ed phenomenal out-of-
position play clearly ob-
vious because of his
strange hue.
By comparison the
later bar social proved
to be a really excellent
occasion, and all involv-
ed enjoyed the evening
very much. Quite a
large quantity of beer
was drunk and the mem-
bers of the President's
XI who were left at the
end of the evening did
not seem to be in very
good condition. (So
much so that they de-
clined to come back to
Southside to continue.)
As far as IC were con-
cerned all enjoyed the
occasion even though
we regarded ten match
somewhat poorly. Our
thanks are extended to
our President for umpir-
ing and his "hospitality
and good cheer" after
the match.
A G M
The following club of-
ficers were duly elected
at the club A G M held on
Tuesday, 12th March.
Club Captain, Tim
Hanson; Secretary, John
Andrews (OAP); Treas-
urer, lan Read; Fixtures
Secretary, Graham Pop-
ple; Publicity, Andy
Brewster. It is hoped
that the post of Mixed
Fixtures Secretary will
be jointly held by a
men's representative and
a women's representa-
tive.
M.D.D,
P E D A L - C A R B A D M I N T O N
IC Section of the Wigan Badminton Club
Guilds Speed to Victory
(again)
Every year, Bristol
University, as part of
their rag week, run a
National 24 hour pedal
oar race. For those of
you unfortunate enough
not to ibe in Guilds and
who consequently have
probably never seen a
real pedal car, I should
mention that they are
basically larger versions
of the devices with which
children menace adult
legs on pavements. The
restrictions are on over-
all size, reciprocating
drive, 1:1 gearing and
wheel diameter which
determines class. Class
I cars have small wheels
(up to 36 cm) and Class
II cars larger wheels (up
to 54 cm diameter).
As usual Guilds en-
tered two cars, a class I
car called Bo Belle, and
a class II car named Big
Bo.
Bo Belle was pedalled
by Steve Wright, Bob
Carter, Rich Gunderson,
Tony Raine, Paul Cotter
and Dave Crook (in arbi-
trary order) and swept
away the opposition to
capture (the class I award
by a wide margin (about
200 laps out of 650).
-On handicap (a correc-
tion to equalise the
effects of different wheel
diameters) Bo Belle
scraped home to win
this award as well.
Although n o t h i n g
broke this year Big Bo
failed to steal the class
II prize from big wheel
s p e c i a l i s t s Heale's
School of Exeter. This is
probably due to lack of
fitness although the fact
that three of the team
had never pedalled be-
fore contributed. How-
ever the performance of
Pete Wilkins, Pete Dye,
Dave Rimmer, Bob Car-
vel!, Dick Bateman, and
myself was by no means
disgraceful and served
to put Big Bo about third
in Class II and helping to
put Guilds second in the
team competition (a
prize for best perform-
ance of a team of two
cars).
Mines who occasion-
ally enter a class I car
saw Bo Belle in practice
in Princes Gardens and
were frightened off this
year leaving Guilds as
the sole IC representa-
tives. Scientists in gen-
eral are too busy demol-
ishing skips with fire
engines to build pedal
cars.
Thanks are due to the
non pedallers who all
performed , their tasks
with great efficiency
even when fatigue began
to tell. They were Penny
Sheppard, Jenny (vote
for me) Jones (and Ithey
did), and Anne Pickard
who cooked, Dave W l l -
ley and Simon Briscoe
who recorded laps and
Paul Bentley did things
with spokes and tubes.
Apologies to anyone I've
missed. Pete Amey.
Another superb sea-
son by IC has resulted in
the firsts remaining un-
beaten in four years
and, once again, winning
division 1 — closely
followed by the 2nds
with their secret wea-
pons: Henry and cheat-
ing. The 3rds were a
trifle unlucky in losing
three matches which
robbed this motley team
of 1st place in the 2nd
division. Outstanding in
this team was Jack (I'm
Malaysian) Lee, who ac-
tually managed to break
his personal record near
the end of the season
and turned up on time.
Phil (Soul King) Lord
played in his usual im-
peccable funky style and
would have won all the
matches himself if the
"other lot" would have
let him. The team was
most (in)ably captained
by Brian Callender,
whose sequence of
smashes into the net in
a single game has never
been equalled.
Once again the 4ths,
captained by Graham
Delves, were the most
well-organised team and
only lost a couple of
games.
Twice a season IC re-
gularly hammer Cam-
bridge Univ. seconds. In
the away match the team
was a mixed bunch of
2nds, 1sts and a guest
player: Jean (I'm eli-
gible) Turner. With a
couple of pints of alco-
hol (before the bet)
washing about in their
stomachs, Keith (short-
arse) plus Phil lost their
first game, but Cam-
bridge, lulled into a false
sense of security, lost
everything after that (in-
cluding Rice Krispies,
hamburgers, eggs and a
jar of pickles). The
drink yourself sick com-
petition after the match
was a draw but IC com-
pleted their humiliation
by beating them at bar-
billiards. The journey
back was halted by a
short stop at a drinking
house. A hasty escape
ensued, led by Joseph,
after Phil "accidentally"
tipped a bottle of sauce
over a table.
The surprise of tha
season has been Dave
Ward's "car"; it still
works! It only needs top-
ping up with water every
five miles or so.
Our mixed team has
done well this season,
and should win the
league. Most of the
credit must go to Dave
and Rhod. Dave has
really hit form after try-
ing blinkers for the first
time, and Rhod's new
leg-irons made a new
player out of him.
Thanks go to Dave
Ward for the work he
has put in as captain for
the last two seasons.
Devised, created a n f
produced by Keith
Thompson and Phil Lee
(with only just a tiny
little bit of help).

