ISSUE 1739
FELIX
9
PUZZLES fsudoku@imperial.ac.uk
A CONVERSATION WITH... felix@imperial.ac.uk
ities running in February
around this, and all the
information will be up on
a new SSB website in the
next week or so – and we
also want to work with
Felix’s Sustainability
section!
Later in the term or early
next term, we’ll also be
looking into the use of
palm oil in our products.
A lot of them contain
palm oil, and we need to
ensure that the oil is being
sourced sustainably or
that we find an alternate
product that does not
contain palm oil. Again,
it’s an awareness and
knowledge piece about
the issues and impact of
palm oil on our planet.
The third is looking into
packaging waste, and
trying to reduce it. Then
there’s also Greening
Imperial week, which
is February 10th-14th.
Greening Imperial and
Francesca, the Ethics and
Environment Officer,
have organised different
themes and activities for
each day. The first day
is themed around food,
and we’ll be tying the
Planetary Health Diet
into that – more info will
be available soon via the
Union Facebook page.
Felix: Attached to
the SSB is the Ser-
vices Working Group
(SWG) – which I be-
lieve looks at the oth-
er half of the SSB’s
remit, to do with staff
policy. What’s hap-
pening there?
FH: The SWG is a very
temporary group – it
probably won’t exist
beyond this year. The
members are student
representatives from 568,
hbar, and the Union Shop,
and the goal is to review
some of the policies af-
fecting student staff – such
as the Food and Drink
policy put into place last
year. There’s also cur-
rently no official policy
of ours for relationships
between student staff
members, so we default to
the College’s one, which
is not necessarily quite
right for the environment
our students work in.
Felix: What is that
“effective”policy bor-
rowed from College?
FH: You have to declare
your relationship, and
then it is up to your line
manager in what capacity
you can work together –
so it’s a very case-by-case
basis depending on the
line manager. That’s very
difficult to manage in a
student bar, and it’s also
a space where you do
see relationships blossom
because the bar staff are
very close and social. You
shouldn’t be penalised
for that, stopped from
working shifts together or
in the same bar together.
It also doesn’t make sense
when these are students
who might need to work
for financial reasons. I
don’t fully know how
much the policy has
actually been implement-
ed, but it clearly needs to
be reviewed.
London Living Wage
(LLW) has also come
up in that conversation,
as well as how various
benefits from working in
either the shop or the bars
work, and what initiatives
should be in place to make
sure it’s an enjoyable
place to work.
Felix: How will those
discussions be ap-
plied or implement-
ed?
The SWG is a subgroup
of SSB, which is then a
committee of the Union
Council – the highest
democratic body the
Union has, constructed of
students–andwasseparat-
ed out because we didn’t
want the issues with bars
and shops to dominate the
SSB meetings. Anything
we come up with will feed
back through to Council
for voting and potentially
passing into policy.
The LLW is a much
bigger-picture discussion,
because it has a bigger
potential ramification for
other areas of the Union
– but we can start a dis-
cussion here.
Felix: With annual
budgeting due soon
for clubs and socie-
ties, it seems a good
time to revisit a topic
we covered in our
previous interviews –
your plans to develop
additional financial
training materials for
treasurers and chairs,
using your extensive
experience as DPFS.
How’s that going?
FH: I spent Christmas
– including Christmas
Day – laying out the
fundamental framework
for how I want it to look.
I also sent out a survey to
all club officers around
finance training, asking
for feedback on our
current training – what we
do well, need to improve
on, and what we don’t do
at all. That feedback is a
really useful exercise for
myself, the DPCS, the
Student Development
Manager, and head of
Student Experience to ef-
fectively review training.
What we need is a system
such that if someone did
not get a good handover
from their predecessor,
they would have access
to materials immediate-
ly – and we need to go
above and beyond current
systems like Officer
Academy, which is great
but is also capacity-limit-
ed and is only on one day.
If someone can’t make
that, and their query isn’t
covered in the general
material we have, where
do they go?
It’s been interesting to
see people have questions
you would assume they’d
know from the start –
but they don’t, because
it’s something that fell
through the cracks. Then
the question becomes:
“this student now knows,
but does everyone else
know or is everyone lost?”
So it’s going to be a really
useful tool for future clubs
and societies and will
support their growth.
Felix: Atop the train-
ing review, I believe
there is going to be a
review of how con-
tracts are dealt with
– at the moment, any
contract from any of
the 350ish clubs and
societies goes di-
rectly to you to sign,
correct?
FH: There is difficulty
with contracts being sent
via email. I do my emails
from oldest to newest – so
if you send me something
that is urgent, and I have
any kind of backlog of
contracts to go through,
I might not be able to
get to yours in time.
Contracts require careful
reading – I am personally,
individually responsible
for the financial decisions
made for seven years af-
terwards. I can’t just sign
them off; so they take at
least a certain minimum
time to review properly.
A new system on eActiv-
ities has been started, but
we need to assess how re-
alistically that will speed
up the process. It shifts the
contracts from the DPFS’
emails to eActivities, and
makes improvements that
might for example high-
light parts of a contract
that have changed but not
others, but how much will
that make an impact on
speed?
There are a lot of major
projects going on, so this
will take place over the
longer period – but it’s
definitely on my radar and
me and the Systems Team
will be looking at it most
likely in third term.
Felix: Talking about
finances – there’s
been a lot of chat-
ter about the Union
and College’s ne-
gotiations. A lot of
students have heard
about the rent rene-
gotiation, but just as
essential is the block
grant renegotiation.
How is that develop-
ing?
FH: For clarity, the block
grant is the chunk of
funds the College gives
to the Union for various
costs such as staffing.
Either yearly or every
three years, the Union and
College will renegotiate
that amount, and this is
one of those years; we’re
currently looking to set up
a one-year grant this time,
as with the departure of
the Managing Director
we’re looking to create a
shorter one-year 2020-21
Strategy – rather than the
more usual three-year
Strategy.
As an example, if we
wanted to ensure the LLW
as a minimum pay rate
for staff (student or oth-
erwise), we would need
to assess the impact on
our staffing costs and that
would play into the block
grant negotiation with the
College.
The actual negotiation
has been pushed back to
Easter, as not having a
Managing Director has
thrown up disruptions
within the Union and
our priorities have had to
change in terms of what
projects we are working
on. To give us time to
re-evaluate, we didn’t
have that discussion in
first term.
The Officer Trustees
and Senior Management
Group – the senior-most
positions in the Union that
form the Leadership Team
– are meeting frequently
to start looking at what
we want moving forward,
what we can ask for, and
what we think the College
should support for us as
an organisation and for
the students.
Felix: Finally, there’s
a conversation to
be had about the
food situation – in
568, but also in hbar.
What timeline can
we expect for food to
return?
FH: With 568, we’re
working with the College
Estates team to ensure the
kitchen – which has been
refitted and whose issues
have been resolved – is
fully up to standard before
we put food service out.
The plan was to have it
begin in the coming week;
however, right now we
don’t have a confirmed
date. We’re hoping it will
be sooner rather than later.
In terms of hbar, we’re
working with College’s
Campus Services to sort
out the space in the hbar
kitchen in order to install
two new pizza ovens,
which we already own.
We’ll need some new
equipment and to ensure
the space for that, too. But
as soon as that’s sorted,
we can train student staff
on how to use the ovens
and then roll it out. We
were hoping for it to be
next week as well, but
there has been a delay.
It’s unfortunate, but the
good thing is that we are
very much in progress
and it should be arriving
sooner rather than later.
We’re working well with
College to ensure food
service can get back out to
students.
For more information on
the food situation, see the
News section.

