Cycling
This year's A G M Will be
held on the evening of
Friday 23rd May in
Southside Upper Lounge.
We will move onto a
restaurant for a meal after
we've elected next year's
officials.
All members are asked to
attend. Exact details should
be in your pigeon holes by
early next week.
Normal Sunday 10.00am
and Wednesday 2.00pm
rides are continuing this
term from Beit Arch.
Christian Union
The Christian Union is still
meeting this term although
please note that our
meetings are on a Friday in
the Music Room 53,
Princes Gate and not the
Bot/Zoo Common Room
(As was) on a Thurday.
This term in our main
Friday meetings we are
looking at the theme of
mission and how we can
serve God at home and
overseas. We still have our
Tuesday Morning prayer
meeting at 8.15am in the
Union Lounge and our
Evangelism and Social
Action groups are
increasing their activities
throughout college.
E V E R Y O N E IS W E L C O M E
to our meetings and see
FELIX and our posters for
details of forthcoming
events.
Ladies Cricket
Calling all Lady cricketers.
This year as last a team has
been entered into the U A U
outdoor 6-a-side
competiton. There is one
slight snag. There are only
a couple of players. More
are needed for the
competition which is in
May. Practise etc will take
place before the game and
on set days either in Hyde
Park or at Harlington. If
any of you 750 ladies out
there are interested please
contact either Dawn
Williamson (Chem Eng IV)
or Gareth Fish (Hon Sec IC
Cricket Club, int 6289,
Mech Eng PG) asap.
Opsoc
WHOOPIEM Rehearsals
have now begun for
Opsoc's Annual bumper
extravaganza in the
summer. Every year, for the
past 19 in fact, ICOS has
invaded the otherwise
tranquil Devon town of
Budleigh Salterton for two
weeks of quality profitable
fun. This year we are
performing the Mikado by
Gilbert O Sullivan.
So how do I get involved
in all this I hear you ask?
Well we are rehearsing
every Tusesday at 7.30 in
the Music Room, 53
Prince's Gate, although
chances are you'll bump
into us in Southside bar
beforehand. Yes, for two
weeks non-stop, no-holds-
barred entertainment in
sunny Devon, come along
to a rehearsal, we'll be
pleased to meet you. All
welcome!! If you can't make
a rehearsal then contact J
H Tripp (Esq) via Doc 2 for
details.
Ski
A depleted Imperial College
Ski team raced in the final
meet of the London Area
dry slope championship on
Sunday 27th April. Despite
the absent of some key
racers, they came in fifth,
which was a high enough
position to retain their lead
and thus win the
champioship. It also wins
them a place in the national
universities dry slope
championship on 22nd
June.
The second team made a
fine effort and came in
seventh, putting them in
eleventh place in the
championship.
ft
Cycling
Last Saturday, seven
members of Imperial
College Cycling club
travelled to Essex to
compete in a 10 mile trial
organised by the Essex
Cycle Racing Association.
The conditions were very
good, and the following
times were recorded;
P Hartigan 23 mins 37
sees (Personal best), J
Gilday 23-43, S Heyhoe
(Brocklesby CC) 24.41, A
Mason 25-10, M Bell 26-15
(Personal best), W Mosley
26-48 (Personal best), R
Newton 27.18 (first ride).
The event was won by B
Findlay from Becontree
Wheelers C C in a time of
22.46.
Good times were
achieved by all, and
congratulations go to those
obtaining personal bests.
Look out for Peter's and
John's times in 'Cycling
Weekly' this week.
Two members of the club
competed in the National
student '10' in Hull last
Sunday. On a foggy course
with a strong tail wind for
the outward leg, Katherine
Hunter recorded a time of
31-36, achieving second
place in the ladies event,
and receiving Â£3 for her
efforts. Congratulations go
to Katherine for a good
performance in her first
'10'. The fastest lady was
miss H M Brooke, who
recorded 29-30. Andy Major
was the other I C C C
representative in the race,
and he took 30-27 to
complete the 10 miles. This
event was won by S
Marchant of Thames Velo
in a time of 23-46.
Thanks go to Scott's
parents for putting
Katherne and Andy up on
Saturday night.
Boat
Last year the Boat club
won a record number of
races. But already this year
that record had been
broken.
The record number 50
wins was broken at Bedford
Small Boats Head, an event
that always provides an
opportunity for IC Crews to
shine. This year was no
exception: IC crews won 12
categories, at every level
from novice to elite. This
brings the total to 53.
Cricket
2nd XI v City University
26/4/86
On a warmish sunny day at
Harlington skipper Pete
Trew lost the toss and IC
openers Gareth Fish and
debutant Phil Rowland
went out to bat. They
slowly added 26 before
Rowland was caught for 8.
Rob Mellor, getting off the
mark with a four but
perished at silly mid-off
also for 8. Stuart Fairhead
followed in the same way in
the same over without
troubling the scorers. Fish
went slowly on before
nudging to the keeper for
39. Ian Morgan and
Gurresh Rao then added a
whirlwind 73 in only 12
overs. Rao was caught for a
well played 58 and some
final swishing by Surresh
Thelanange (8 not out) and
Morgan(36 not out) saw IC
close on 173 for 5 from 40
overs.
City started slowly in the
face of some accurate
bowling from new boy
Justin Clayton and slightly
erratic from Trew. Mellow
ran out one of the openers
and the introduction of
Mike Birmingham saw
wickets fall with regular
succession. Mellor added
two catches as Birmingham
picked up 5 wickets.
Result
IC 2ndXI bt City
University 2ndXI by 60
runs. IC 173 for 5 (Rao 58,
Fish 39, Morgan 36 not)
City 114 all out
(Birmingham 5 for 33,
Fairhead 2 for 5)
Golf
Towards the end of last
term the golf team were
unfortunately knocked out
of the U A U competiton by
Durham. However,
undeterred, two members
of the team Mark Cox and
John Gamblin entered the
Southern England
Universities championship
at Wentworth. John
Gamblin produced the best
golf seen in this
tournament for many years.
Scoring 75, 74. His nearest
rival was 8 shots behind.
Mark Cox, however, had no
trouble finding trees but
managed to come 10th thus
just qualifying for the
Southern England team.
This team was picked to
represent Southern
England UAU in the
National Championships,
and it was great for 2
members of IC to be
picked. The national
championships were held
during the Easter break at
Royal Porthcawl (South
Wales.) unfortunatley John
Gamblin was unable to go
due to a clash with a field
course. Mark Cox however
represented Imperial
admirably, having found his
form, and came third over
all out of a large field
consisting of the best
University golfers in
England and wales. After
such a fine performance he
was rewarded with a place
in the national squad and
John Gamblin, although
not there, was also
included on the grounds of
his victory at Wentworth.
FELIX Friday 2 May 13

